Our concept is not very high-tech.
We have to pay attention to how we take care of our farmland.
If there are any problems, we always cooperate.
But if we don't have the tools, it's hard to do it.
We plant vegetables in small areas.
But if we do it in a big area, we have to take care of all the plants every day.
Without any tools, it's impossible.
This is where technology comes in handy.
We collect data on plants.
We analyze the data.
From the raw data, we analyze it to understand how our plants are doing.
Once we understand it, how do we respond?
How do we take action?
If there are any problems, how do we solve them?
Then we take action.
This is how we collect data.
This is an example.
This is a photo.
This is a photo of a plant.
We choose to use a drone photo rather than a satellite photo.
Both have different benefits.
Satellites are around the world.
They get data from all over the world.
There are two points where drone photos are better.
The first is spatial resolution.
The second is ground sampling distance.
This is how much a single point of a photo can cover.
If we compare drone photos, we can get 50 cm by 1 pixel.
We can see the details of the plant.
Satellite photos are only 15 m by 1 pixel.
We can't see what's going on in that area.
We can only see one point.
It's bigger than the plant itself.
This is a comparison of drone and satellite photos.
We can see that the satellite photos are more detailed than the drone photos.
This gives us more information.
We can make better decisions.
Satellite photos don't stay in the same place forever.
They move around.
They stay in the same place for a day.
It doesn't mean that we get the data that we want.
If it rains heavily that day, we miss the chance to get the data.
Using a drone allows us to get the data that we want.
What do we use to collect spatial data?
This is a drone video that we developed for spatial research.
We have seen a drone that can fly up and down.
The limitation is that it can control the area.
But compared to a drone that can fly up and down, it can control the area more efficiently.
Vettel is a drone that we developed.
It can fly up and down.
There are two advantages.
It uses less space.
It is easier to work.
It can fly up and down.
If you have seen the video of Space X, it is the same.
It can fly up and down.
It can change the air.
It can fly like an airplane.
It can control the area more efficiently.
It can be used for spatial research.
It can be used for urban planning.
It can be used to transport small goods.
The drone is made of carbon fiber.
It is light and can be used to control the area.
We can install on-board computers to control the communication system.
Whether it is using 4G or 5G, we can work together with this drone.
The drone works with Nomad.
We have a software to plan where to cover the area,
how to plan the flight,
where to take pictures,
and collect the data for further analysis.
Once we have the data, we can use it for analysis.
We can use the data to see whether the area is well-planned.
We can plan the area to make it easier for farmers to work.
Some agricultural projects require a well-planned area.
We can use the multi-spectrum data to see whether the soil is hard or soft.
Thank you to all three speakers.
