Our concept is not very high-tech.
We have to pay attention to how we take care of our farmland.
If there's a problem, we always help.
But if we don't have the tools, it's hard to do it.
When we grow vegetables in a small area, we have to take care of it every day.
Without tools, it's impossible to do it.
This is where technology comes in handy.
We collect data on plants.
We use the data to analyze how we can improve our farmland.
Once we understand it, we respond to it.
We take action.
If there's a problem, what can we do to fix it?
We take action to improve our farmland.
This is how we collect data.
This is an example.
This is a photo of a plant.
We choose to use a drone photo rather than a satellite photo.
Both have different benefits.
The satellite photo has all the data in the world.
But the drone photo has two advantages.
The first is spatial resolution.
The second is ground sampling distance.
The drone photo is 50 cm by 1 pixel.
We can see the details of the plant.
The satellite photo is only 15 m by 1 pixel.
We can't see what's going on in that area.
We can only see one point.
It's bigger than the plant itself.
This is a comparison of drone and satellite photos.
We can see that the satellite photo has good and bad grounds.
But we can't tell what's good or bad about the plant.
But the drone photo is more detailed.
We can tell the difference.
We have more information.
We can make better decisions.
Another thing is the detail in time.
The satellite photo doesn't stay in the same place forever.
It stays in the same place for a day.
It doesn't mean that we can get the information we want.
If it rains heavily that day,
we will miss the opportunity to get the information.
We can get the information we want by using a drone.
What do we use to get the information?
I will show you the drone that we developed for space exploration.
We have seen a drone that can fly up and down and take photos.
The only limitation is that it can control the area.
But compared to a plane that uses wings,
it has more efficiency.
It can control the area more.
Vettel is a drone that we developed.
It can fly up and down.
There are two advantages.
It uses less area.
It's easy to work.
It can fly up and down.
If you have seen the video of space exploration,
it will be like that.
It can fly up and down.
It can fly like a plane.
It can control the area more.
It can be used for space exploration.
It can be used for urban exploration.
It can be used for small transportation.
The drone is made of carbon fiber.
It is light.
It is light.
It can control the area more efficiently.
You can install an on-board computer to control the communication system.
Whether it is a radio or 4G or 5G,
you can work with this drone.
You can work with the drone.
We have a software to plan where to cover the area,
how to plan the flight,
where to take pictures,
and collect the data to assess the results.
Okay.
Now that we have the data,
we can analyze it to see if it is useful.
We can start by preparing the area.
We can use the photo data to see
whether the area is smooth or not.
We can prepare the paint for the area.
We can prepare the paint for the area.
To prepare the paint for a smooth surface,
it is easier for the farmer to work.
It is easier to grow the plants.
It is easier to take care of the plants.
The result is better.
To prepare the area,
some agricultural projects need a smooth surface.
Some projects need a small slope
so that the water can flow from the head to the tail.
It saves money.
If we have a slope,
the water can flow naturally.
We can use this data to prepare the paint.
Next, we can use the multi-spectrum data
to see if the plant is healthy or not.
We can see if there is any disease or not.
We can analyze it in detail.
We can see if this zone is dehydrated
or if there is a disease.
This zone may have a bug.
In addition to seeing the strength,
we can also use the model to analyze.
For example,
we can evaluate the sweetness of the plant.
It is called the Khabrix.
The middle picture is the normal color picture.
The left picture is the result.
It shows the sweetness of the sugar.
The right picture shows the height of the plant.
How much volume does the paint have?
How many tons will it produce?
If we know the content of the sugar,
we can evaluate the sugar content of the paint.
This is another picture.
If we keep the data consistently,
we can know the content of the sugar.
Is it increasing or decreasing?
Is it at the right point?
Does the paint have a constant sweetness value?
Once we have the data,
we can plan how to respond to it.
We can see if the plant is dehydrated,
or if there is a disease.
We can take care of the spot.
If we don't have the data,
we may have to water the plant.
It is a high cost.
It is difficult to take care of the plant.
If we give a lot of chemicals,
the plant may be dehydrated.
But if we know that the plant has a need,
we can add more chemicals to the plant.
We can evaluate the plant.
If we plant a lot of paints,
we can keep the data.
We can plan how much the paint has been produced.
We can plan when the paint is ready to be produced.
We can plan when the paint is ready to be produced.
If the plant is dehydrated,
but the paint is ready to be produced,
we don't have to wait.
We can keep the paint before it is damaged.
Another benefit is that
there is a tendency to burn the paint.
Do farmers want to burn the paint?
They don't want to burn the paint.
Burning the paint makes the product worse.
But there is a period when the paint has to be kept.
But they don't have the tools.
Everyone wants to keep the paint at the same time to sell.
The demand for chemicals is increasing.
If the paint cannot be kept,
it is not useful.
There is a tendency to burn the paint.
But if we have the tools,
we can plan how to keep the paint.
We can plan when to keep the paint.
We can plan when to use the tools.
We can reduce the problem of chemical degradation during that period.
Next is the action.
We know that if we have to give the chemicals,
we can use the drone to help us.
We can use the drone to help us.
This is the drone that we developed.
We developed this drone to spray the chemicals.
It has 10 liters of chemicals.
It is a multi-rotor drone.
It has 4 blades.
It has a chemical tank.
It has a tank and a spray head.
We can choose which type of plant to spray.
How many spray heads should be used?
We can choose the type of plants.
We can choose which type of plants to spray.
How fast should we spray?
We can control the amount of water and give the right amount of water.
We developed the plane software to interact with the farmers,
so that they can learn how to work together and use.
They can use the software and calculate how they have to use the chemicals and how much the chemical spray area has to be used.
They can calculate how much chemical spray they have to use,
how much battery and chemical spray they have to use,
how much water they have to fill,
and how much chemical spray they have to use.
The software helps them to calculate and inform the farmers.
They can use the software and calculate how much chemical spray they have to use.
The software helps them to calculate and inform the farmers.
The software allows us to control the aircraft accurately.
We can always spray the chemicals and increase the amount of chemical spray to some point.
The software can control the aircraft accurately.
The software can control the aircraft accurately.
In the case of a large area that cannot be controlled in time,
the software can work together and send the flight plan to the aircraft.
It saves time and effort.
It saves time and effort.
It saves time and effort.
We can see that it's better than humans.
The aircraft can work faster than humans.
So far, no one has to spray the chemicals on their own.
So far, no one has to spray the chemicals on their own.
So far, no one has to spray the chemicals on their own.
We can also create more jobs for them.
The farmers don't have to spray the chemicals on their own.
They hire the workers.
The employers can work more in a day.
In addition to our commercial drones,
we also have other autonomous vehicles
that can do other kinds of work or experiments
that currently do not use agriculture,
but can use agriculture.
Okay.
This is an autonomous vehicle
that can work in different places instead of humans.
For example, it can deliver heavy goods
and work in a farm
so that we don't have to risk contact with the world or animals.
It can also work in a mine
to measure and collect data
or spray the chemicals on the plants.
It's an autonomous vehicle
that can work in different places instead of humans.
Okay.
Or it can work in the seawater.
We can also have a boat
that can plan the depth of the water
and the area where it can release and collect the water.
It can plan the amount of water
that will be collected in the rain.
Or it can use it to check the quality of water
and measure the quality of water
to see how dirty the water is
and see if there are any pathogens.
It can also use it to monitor the water quality
to monitor the water quality of the water.
The boat can be used to plan the depth of the water
and measure the quality of water.
It's similar to a drone.
We can plan the area that we want it to explore
and how we want it to control the area
and how we want it to collect the data.
Okay.
The boat can also be used to measure the depth of the water.
It can measure the depth of the water
and see how deep it is.
It can also plan the depth of the water
and see how deep it is.
It can also combine the data with the weather forecast
to plan the weather forecast
for both upstream and downstream.
Okay.
The submarine can also be used
to plan the weather forecast for both upstream and downstream.
Okay.
We didn't make this model for research purposes.
At first, we made this model for research purposes
to study the gas pipeline in the South China Sea.
But when it works in the water,
it can also actually work with water pets in the sea.
Nowadays, there is a system to take care of the seagrasses in the sea.
It can monitor the water pets in the sea as well as the water bodies in the sea.
This model can be used to conduct research
and be tested using various devices
to study the water area,
gather photos, study its variations, etc.
This is a software that can be tested in the sea.
This is a picture of how it works.
It can measure various values
and send it back to the surface of the water
so that we don't have to go down to work under the water.
This is a picture of how it works.
It can measure the value of the water area.
This is a picture of how it works.
It can measure the value of the water area.
This is a picture of how it works.
This is a picture of how it works.
This is an example of various autonomous systems
that can help us.
To sum up,
we believe that
we believe that 1 plus 1 equals 2.
We believe that
the autonomous technology can work with people
with different strengths.
It can work with people with more than just 2.
It can work with people with more resources.
It can work with people with better decision-making skills.
It can work with people with better decision-making skills.
It can work with people with better decision-making skills.
It can work with people with better decision-making skills.
By combining people's abilities
by combining people's abilities
with the cars' abilities,
we can solve a lot of problems.
That's it.
If you have any questions, feel free to ask.
I have two questions.
The drone service is for selling images.
The drone service is for selling images.
Do you have a drone service?
We don't have a drone service.
We sell drones
and promote image marketing.
The customer can buy our drones
or use their drones.
We can upload images to the system
and sell them.
You have a drone service
that sells images.
Do you have a drone service?
I've seen a drone service
that sells images.
How do you use the drone service?
Do you use the data service?
As far as I know,
there's a drone service
that recounts images.
I'm not sure what kind of images
they use.
I'm not sure.
Do you have a drone service?
Do you have a drone service?
Do you have a drone service?
Do you have a drone service?
Do you have a drone service?
Do you have a drone service?
As far as I know,
our customers use the service in their own area.
We don't run the service for others.
Do you have a drone service?
Do you have a drone service?
I'm not sure.
As far as I know,
our customers use the service in their own area.
As far as I know,
our customers use the service in their own area.
As far as I know,
we don't have a drone service.
We don't have a drone service.
We use our own data.
It's not that big.
It's not that big.
It's not that big.
This is a feedback.
In case we have a chance to meet someone who does this job.
Or we might have a partner to continue this treatment.
Or we might have a partner to continue this treatment.
If we say we want people to know
If we say we want people to know
then they will get encouragement from us.
They'll talk to me first when this problem occurs.
I have a person who is interested in this.
I have a person who is interested in this.
I mean if I heard that there are orbit wires in this area,
I mean if I heard that there are orbit wires in this area,
I'd like to use that to check to see if it'd be problematic
I'd like to use that to check to see if it'd be problematic
Mr.Tumpaksit was working on an area
I've talked to the TGO about carbon credit
I've talked to the TGO about carbon credit
They still have to deliver the wood
They still have to deliver the wood
to calculate the carbon credit
So I'm trying these
I'd like to ask as a producer
if there are any customers who want to use it for service
if there are any customers who want to use it for service
Safer and more distributed
Safer and more distributed
You'll see it in the class
you'll see it in the class
There are many version of it
There are many version of it
I have a question
There are many customers who don't know much about technology
Can they use any services related to technology?
Can they use any services related to technology?
I can answer that
If you ask me if there are people who don't know much about technology
I don't want to look down on them
I think they are not that high-tech
I think they are not that high-tech
4-5 years ago, it was like that
But now, everyone has a mobile phone
They receive information via social media
They watch TikTok
Many economists have TikTok
They follow each other
Most of the economists are in technology
When we work with economists
We know their workflow
We design software to make it easy to use
We make menus in Thai
We make menus in Thai
In comparison to other countries, like Wat
In other countries, it's Hector
In Thailand, we use Wale
We make calculations in Thai
We make calculations in Thai
We make calculations in Thai
We make calculations in Thai
We make calculations in Thai
Can I ask you a question?
If there are people who don't know much about technology
Do you have a solution?
Do you have a solution?
Or do you have to get help from new people?
Or do you have to get help from new people?
Or do you have to get help from new people?
Partially,
Partially,
There are things that can be helped
They are happy
They face problems
This is a solution that can be helped
They are willing to use it
It's easy tools
It's not like
When we use cellphone
It's like downloading data
It's just for menus
It's not that hard to use
I've never seen a case that can't be used
Thank you
Thank you to all three speakers
How was it?
Is there anyone interested in doing agri-tech?
Thank you everyone for coming
Thank you for your support
Whether it's Protoss, Axon, or 5G
Most importantly, I would like to thank Two Digital Credit
Digital Park, our TDP
Today, we've learned a lot about agri-tech
Let's take a picture together
There are some souvenirs, right?
Let's take a look at the speakers
It's a T-shirt
There are two events today
One is P'Pompawut's Web Friend Day
I've already organized two boxes
I can't find the right place
Let's take a picture together
Let's take a picture
Let's take a picture together
Let's take a picture together
